Localization of the Complex Spectrum:The S Transform
 复杂频谱的定位：S变换
The S transform, which is introduced in this correspondence,is an extension of the ideas of the continuous wavelet transform(CWT), 
and is based on a moving and scalable localizing Gaussian window.
 在该对应引入的S变换，是连续小波变换（CWT）的思想扩展，并且是基于一个可移动、可缩放定位的高斯窗。
It is shown here to have some desirable characteristics that are absent in the continuous wavelet transform.
 它具有在连续小波变换中不存在的一些所期望的特性。
The S transform is unique in that it provides frequency-dependent resolution while maintaining a direct relationship with the 
Fourier spectrum.
 S变换是独特的，因为它提供了频率相关的分辨率，同时与傅里叶谱（傅里叶变换）保持着直接的关系。
These advantages of the S tansform are due to the fact that the modulating sinusoids are fxed with respect to the time axis,
whereas the localizing scalable Gaussian window dilates and translates.
 S变换的这些优点正是由于调幅正弦相对于时间轴是固定的，而定位可缩放高斯窗是可扩张和平移的。

Ⅰ. INTRODUCTION 
一、介绍
In geophysical data analysis and in many other discipline,the concept of a stationary time series is a mathematical idealizatiom 
that is never realized and is not particularly useful in the detection of signal arrivals. 
 在地球物理数据分析以及许多其他学科中，固定时间序列是一种数学理想化概念，这是从来没有实现过得，并且在检测信号抵达中不是特别有用。
Although the Fourier transform of the entire time series does contain information about the spectral components in a time series,
for a large class of pratical applications, this information is inadequate.
 虽然整个时间序列的傅里叶变换确实包含关于时间序列中的频谱分量的信息，但对于大类的实际应用，这些信息是不够的。
An example from seismology is an earthquake seismogram. The frst signal to arrive from an earthquake is the P(Primary) wave followed
by other P waves traveling along different paths.
 地震学的一个例子是地震震动图。 从地震中到达的第一个信号是P（主）波，其次是沿着不同路径传播的其他P波。
The P arrivals are followed by the S(Secondary) wave and by higher amplitude dispersive surface waves.
 P波到达之后是S（次级）波和较高振幅色散的面波。
The amplitude of these osclilations can increase by more than two orders of magnitude within a few minutes of the arrival of P.
 这些振荡的振幅在P波的到达的几分钟内可以增加两个数量级以上。
The spectral components of such a time series clearly have a strong depend on time. It would be desirable to have a joint time-
ferquency representation(TFR).
 这种时间序列的频谱分量显然具有很强的时间依赖性。期望具有联合时间-频率来表示（TFR）。
This correspondence proposes a new transform (called the S transform) that provides a TFR with frequency-dependent resolution while, 
at the same time, maintaining the direct relationship, through time-averaging, with the Fourier spectrum.
 这对应提出了一种新的变换（称为S变换），其提供具有频率相关分辨率的TFR，同时通过时间平均与傅立叶频谱保持直接关系。
Several techniques of examining the time-varying nature of the spectrum have been proposed in the past; 
among them are the Gabor transform the related short time Fourier transforms, the continuous wavelet transform and the bilinear class 
of time-frequency distributions known as Cohen’s class，of which the Wigner distribution is a member.
 过去已经提出了几种检查频谱的时变特性的技术; 其中有Gabor变换，相关的短时傅里叶变换，连续小波变换和称为Cohen类的时频分布的双线性类，Wigner分布也是其成员。

Ⅱ.THE S TRANSFORM
 二、S变换
There are several methods of arriving at the S transform. 
 存在几种实现S变换的方法。
We consider it illuminating to derive the S transform as the “phase correction” of the continuous wavelet transform (CWT).
 我们认为S变换是源自连续小波变换（CWT）的“相位校正”。
The CWT W(τ, d) of afunction h(t) is de£ned by

 函数h(t)的连续小波变换（CWT）W(τ, d)被定义为
where w(t,d) is a scaled replica of the fundamental mother wavelet.
 其中w(t,d)是基本母波小波的延伸扩展。
The dilation d determines the “width” of the wavelet w(t,d) and thus controls the resolution.
 扩张因子d决定了小波w(t,d)的“宽度”，从而控制分辨率。
Along with (1), there exists an admissibility condition on the mother wavelet w(t,d) that w(t,d) must have zero mean.
 式(1)中，对于小波w(t,d)存在可容许性条件，即w(t,d)必须具有零均值。
The reader is referred to Rioul and Vetterli and Young for reviews of the literature.
 这里读者可以参考Rioul、Vetterli以及Young的文献综述。
The S transform of a function h(t) is de£ned as a CWT with a speci£c mother wavelet multiplied by the phase factor.
 函数h(t)的S变换定义为具有特定母小波乘以相位因子的连续小波变换（CWT）。
where the mother wavelet is de£ned as

 其中母小波定义为：
Note that the dilation factor d is the inverse of the frequency f.
 注意，扩张因子d是频率f的倒数。
The wavelet in (3) does not satisfy the condition of zero mean for an admissible wavelet; 
therefore, (2) is not strictly a CWT. Written out explicitly, the S transform is

 式(3)中的小波不满足允许小波的零均值条件，因此，式(2)不是严格的CWT。这里明确写出，S变换为：
If the S transform is indeed a representation of the local spectrum,one would expect a simple operation of averaging 
the local spectra over time to give the Fourier spectrum. It is easy to show that
 如果S变换的确是局部频谱的表示，则可以期望对局部频谱随做时间平均的简单操作来给出傅立叶频谱。 很容易表示：
 
(where H(f) is the Fourier transform of h(t)).It follows that h(t) is exactly recoverable from S(τ,f). Thus,
 (这里H(f)是h(t)的傅里叶变换)。因此h(t)可从S(τ,f)中精确地恢复。所以有：
 
This is clearly distinct from the concepts of the CWT.
 这与CWT的概念明显不同。
The S transform provides an extension of instantaneous frequency(IF) to broadband signals. 
 S变换向宽带信号提供瞬时频率（IF）的扩展。
The one dimensional function of the variable τ and £xed parameter f1 de£ned by S(τ,f1) is called a voice(as with the CWT). 
  由S（τ,f1）定义的变量τ和固定参数f1的一维函数被称为声函数（与CWT一样）。
The voice for a particular frequency f1 can be written as S(τ, f1) = A(τ, f1)exp(iΦ(τ,f1)).
 特定频率f1的声函数可以写为：S(τ, f1) = A(τ, f1)exp(iΦ(τ,f1))
Since a voice isolates a speci£c component, one may use the phase in (7) to determine the IF as de£ned by Bracewell

 由于声函数隔离特定分量，可以使用（7）中的相位来确定由Bracewell定义的IF：
Thus the absolutely referenced phase information leads to a generalization of the IF of Bracewell to broadband signals. 
 因此，绝对参照的相位信息导致宽带信号的Bracewell的IF的一般化。
The validity of (8) can easily be seen for the simple case of h(t) = cos(2πwt), where the function Φ(τ,f) = 2π(w−f)τ.
 对于h（t）= cos（2πwt）的简单情况，可以容易地看到（8）的有效性，其中函数Φ（τ，f）=2π（w-f）τ。
The linear property of the S transform insures that for the case of additive noise (where one can model the data as 
data(t) = signal(t) +noise(t) ), the S transform gives S{data} = S{signal} + S{noise}.
 S变换的线性特性确保对于加性噪声的情况（其中可以将数据建模为：数据(t)= 信号(t)+噪声(t)），S变换给出:S{data} = S{signal} + S{noise}。
This is an advantage over the bilinear class of TFRs (see “propagation of noise” in [4] ), where one £nds
TFR{data} = TFR{signal} + TFR{noise} + 2 ∗ TFR{signal} ∗ TFR{noise}.
 这是相对于双线性TFR类的优点（参见[4]中的“噪声的传播”），其中一个:TFR{data} = TFR{signal} + TFR{noise} + 2 ∗ TFR{signal} ∗ TFR{noise}.
The presence of the cross terms makes it dif£cult to reliably estimate the signal. As with standard spectral analysis, 
signi£cance test must be performed on the noisy local spectra to establish conldence intervals.
 交叉项的存在使得难以可靠地估计信号。 与标准频谱分析一样，必须对噪声局部频谱执行信号测试，以建立准谐度间隔。
The S transform can be written as operations on the Fourier spectrum H(f) of h(t)

 S变换可以写为在h（t）的傅里叶频谱H（f）上的转换：
The discrete analog of (9) is used to compute the discrete S transform by taking advantage of the ef£ciency of 
the Fast Fourier transform (FFT) and the convolution theorem. By not translating the cosinusoid basis functions, 
the S transform localizes the real and imaginary components of the spectrum independently, 
localizing the phase spectrum as well as the amplitude spectrum.
 式（9）中的离散模拟用于通过利用快速傅里叶变换（FFT）和卷积定理的效率来计算离散S变换。 通过不转换余弦基函数，S变换独立地定位频谱的实部和虚部，
 定位相位谱以及幅度谱。

Ⅲ.THE DISCRETE S TRANSFORM
 三、离散S变换
Let h[kT], k = 0,1,...,N − 1 denote a discrete time series, corresponding to h(t), with a time sampling interval of T. 
The discrete Fourier transform is given by [3]

 令h[kT]，k = 0,1，...，N-1表示对应于h(t)的离散时间序列，时间采样间隔为T。离散傅里叶变换如下（参考文献[3]）：
where n = 0,1,...,N − 1. In the discrete case, the S transform is the projection of the vector de£ned by the time series h[kT] 
onto a spanning set of vectors.The spanning vectors are not orthogonal, and the elements of the S transform are not independent.
 其中n = 0,1，...，N-1。在离散情况下，S变换是由时间序列h[kT]定义的矢量到跨越矢量集合的投影。 跨越矢量不是正交的，并且S变换的元素不是独立的。
Each basis vector (of the Fourier transform) is divided into N localized vectors by an element-by-element product with the N shifted 
Gaussians,such that the sum of these N localized vectors is the original basis vector.
 通过具有N个移位高斯模型的逐个元素乘积将每个基向量（傅里叶变换的）划分为N个局部化向量，使得这些N个局部化向量的和是原始基向量。
Using (9), the S transform of a discrete time series h[kT] is given by (letting f → n/NT and τ → jT)

 由（9）式，离散时间序列h[kT]的S变换如下（令f→n / NT和τ→jT）：
and for the n = 0 voice, it is equal to the constant de£ned as

 对于n = 0的声波，它等于常数，定义为：
where j, m and n = 0, 1, ..., N − 1. Equation (12) puts the constant average of the time series into the zero frequency voice, 
thus assuring the inverse is exact. The discrete S transform suffers the familiar problems from sampling and £nite length, 
giving rise to implicit periodicity in the time and frequency domains. The discrete inverse of the S transform is:

 其中j,m,n = 0,1，...，N-1。等式（12）将时间序列的恒定平均值放入零频率声波中，从而确保反演是精确的。 
 离散S变换具有采样和有限长度的常见问题，导致时域和频域中的隐式周期性。 离散S逆变换为：

Ⅳ.SELF-ALIASING
 自混叠现象
The Fourier spectrum of the Gaussian window at a specific n is called a voice Gaussian. Using (11), any voice of the S transform,
may be computed as the product of the Fourier spectrum H[m/NT] of the time series and the voice Gaussian. 
For example, in (11),the voice Gaussian is

 特定n处的高斯窗的傅里叶频谱称为声波高斯。由（11），对于S变换的任何声波，作为时间序列的傅里叶谱H[m/NT]和声波高斯模型的乘积，都可以计算出来。
 例如，在式（11）中，声波高斯模型是：
Due to sampling in the time domain, the discrete spectrum is periodic.Thus, in (11) one can see that as n/NT approaches the Nyquist 
frequency 1/2T,the voice Gaussian overlaps into the negative frequencies of H[m/NT]. We call this self-aliasing. This self-aliasing 
occurs even when the sampling rate satis£es the Nyquist criterion. The voice Gaussian becomes quite wide at the high frequencies, 
and self-aliasing introduces errors. In order to minimize the effect of self-aliasing, we de£ne a special Nyquist frequency for 
the S transform sN. When the voice Gaussian is centred over sN, the 2σ point is at the Fourier Nyquist frequency fN. Thus

 由于在时域中的采样，离散频谱是周期性的。因此，从式（11）中可以看出，当n/NT接近奈奎斯特频率1/2T时，声波高斯模型重叠到H[m/NT]的负频率。 我们称之为自混叠。
 即使当采样率满足奈奎斯特准则时，该自混叠现象也会发生。 声波高斯模型在高频变得相当宽，并且自混叠引入误差。 为了最小化自混叠的影响，
 我们为S变换sN定义特殊的奈奎斯特频率。 当语音高斯以sN为中心时，2σ点处于傅里叶奈奎斯特频率fN。 从而：
The minimum sample rate Ts is given by

 最小采样率Ts由下式给出：
Compare to the Fourier Nyquist sample rate given by Tf = 1/(2fN). Of course, when dealing with a real-valued time series, 
one can use the analytic signal of the time series for localization [1]. 
This has the result of setting all negative frequencies to zero, and thus there is no self-aliasing. 
 与由Tf = 1 /（2fN）给出的傅立叶奈奎斯特采样速率相比较。 当然，当处理实值时间序列时，可以使用时间序列的分析信号进行定位[1]。
 这具有将所有负频率设置为零的结果，并且因此没有自混叠。

Ⅴ.DISCUSSION
 五、讨论
Figs. 1 and 2 demonstrate the class of time series for which the S transform would be useful; 
they highlight the advantages of such an approach as compared with other techniques.
 图1和图2示出了时间序列的类别来说明S变换是有用的; 它们强调了这种方法与其他技术相比的优点。
In Fig. 1, a synthetic time series consisting of high and low frequencies and a high frequency burst is used to 
compare the performance of the S transform with the STFT. The frequency dependent resolution of the S transform allows
the detection of the high frequency burst, and shows good frequency resolution on the long period signal. 
The constant window width of the STFT shows up in the poorer de£nition of all three components. 
The long period signal in the STFT is self-aliased, causing a variation in its amplitude. 
With the STFT there is a tradeoff between detecting short lived high frequency signals and low frequency signals.
 如图1所示，使用由高频和低频以及高频突发组成的合成时间序列来比较S变换与STFT的性能。 S变换的频率分辨率允许检测高频突发，
 并且对长周期信号显示出良好的频率分辨率。STFT的恒定窗口宽度显示出了其在所有三个分量中的定义是较差。 STFT中的长周期信号是自混叠的，导致其振幅的变化。 
 使用STFT，在检测短暂高频信号和低频信号之间存在折衷。
In Fig. 2, two high-frequency bursts are added to crossed chirps.All four components are detected by the S transform. 
The chirps are seen with the STFT, but the two high frequency components are not detected. The STFT does not have suf£cient time 
resolution to resolve the two signals. In fact, the interference of the two bursts causes it to appear as a single signal at a 
lower frequency. The Wigner distribution has very good time and frequency resolution, as is evident on the crossed chirps. 
The cost of such resolution is the presence of cross terms which hinder interpretation of such a plot. 
Indeed, the interference of cross terms causes the two bursts to be completely misrepresented.
 如图2所示，两个高频突发被添加到交叉噪声。所有四个分量由S变换检测。 用STFT看到噪声，但是没有检测到两个高频分量。 
 STFT没有足够的时间分辨率来解析这两个信号。 事实上，两个突发的干扰使其在较低频率处表现为单个信号。 
 Wigner分布具有非常好的时间和频率分辨率，如在交叉噪声上是显而易见的。这种分辨率的成本是交叉项的存在，妨碍了对这种情节的解释。 
 实际上，交叉项的干扰导致两个突发信号被完全错误表示。
 
 Ⅵ.CONCLUSIONS
  六、结论
 The power and limitations of the S transform are apparent from the above examples. The inverse frequency dependence of the localizing 
 Gaussian window is an improvement over the £xed width window used in the STFT. The phase of the S transform referenced to the time 
 origin provides useful and supplementary information about spectra which is not available from locally referenced phase information 
 in CWT. However, being related to the Fourier transform, the S transform suffers from some of the same drawbacks that af¤ict 
 all discretely sampled transforms. We believe that further developments in S transform will £nd applications in a broad range 
 of disciplines.
  从上述例子可以看出S变换的功率和限制。 定位高斯窗的逆频率相关性是对在STFT中使用的有限宽度窗口的改进。 
  参考时间原点的S变换的相位提供关于在CWT中从本地参考相位信息不可用的频谱的有用和补充信息。 
  然而，与傅立叶变换相关，S变换遭受与所有离散采样变换相同的一些相同缺点。 我们相信，S变换的进一步发展将在广泛的学科领域得到应用。
